this hero is so much about snowballing
and if you put him in a safe lane that
doesn't win oh they get slow levels as a
result of that they gonna try and find
top lane team it evades the arrow to
start with because PPD is storm coming
in from behind with that observed what a
quick wave out
he just loves emigrate the Bible if
demons get to use to keep yourself alive
tries to joke around the tree lines and
buy time for TCM way to to dish out some
damage leaping up is mace and it's the
glitz line a demon path to freedom
oh he because the new little part that
gives himself away Oh
the cheeky plays Wow amazing
a classic tango Duke their friend demon
in this game I feel like it's it's being
less and less than eg game even though
they're still they have the same gold
lead is about 10,000 but only three can
experience and white far change if fawns
gonna go yes salty yeah there's no other
choice but then again he's got support
in the way it's a little bit too far
away for Wade like weights is just a
little bit too far and even with like
grave chill you've still got hind
boobers feet up with this with this old
blue the shape ship and coin but he's
being run down demon he's got a shell a
graver point but nice done coming out
there from from zai they have meant so
much to bring down the Lycan but quite
it's being hunted by wolves one is
he needs more life points 24 life points
the heel comes out from dazzle he needs
to escape now at the same time rubric
was cleaned up on the top light damn
these wolves take her dead bird a pitch
they just run straight up to the tower
away from the neck units and now they
heal from demon and any smokes him up to
save patients i I'm still concerned
though about like like there is still
gonna controls the game right here this
is the game right here if they only lose
weight soon that's my película head the
familiars they got dropped out fall wah
and the figures in on EEG that won't
support performers he's gonna go down as
well
teeth he picks up a double kill our team
is really hitting hard bumps he's
abetting loose if he gave me and then
she chased the triple kill comes in 40
see eg will basically put in one big
barrel and dunked